hi I'm Stuart Shepard this is stoplight
it's a popular thing on facebook posting
a list of things you remember that
aren't around anymore you know like your
first car rotary phones lamb that got me
thinking about why some things once
we're here and now are gone remember the
Pontiac Aztek it took its styling cues
from a dumpster it ranked number one on
the list of the worst cars ever made it
was a car nobody wanted and now Pontiac
is gone Lehman Brothers invested money
in ways that defied logic that returned
nothing of value and lost people a
gazillion dollars and now Lehman
Brothers is gone Solyndra took a huge
loan of our tax dollars went around
telling everybody how they were creating
green jobs in a green economy and then
declared bankruptcy solyndra is gone
let's consider for a moment what led to
each of these going away number one they
built something people did not want
after a historic vote health care reform
is no longer an unmet promise it is the
law of the land it is the law of the
land too they were not wise with how
they use their money this week the House
passed the American Recovery and
Reinvestment plan which will save or
create more than three million jobs over
the next few years three they push for
green jobs that can only exist while
taxpayer money pours in the true engine
of economic growth will always be
companies like Solyndra through the
Recovery Act this company received a
loan to expand its operations this new
factory is the result
you know I really don't miss rotary
phones Cole home calling Stuart Shepard
Oh call home that's about how long it
takes really Siri Siri Siri calling
Stuart Shepard Oh